Better instructions to 'add resources to a task' (#2585)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/deployment/cluster_config/general.rst

Configurable Resource Types
***************************

Many platform specifications such as task resource defaults, project namespace Kubernetes quota, and more can be
assigned using default values or custom overrides. Defaults are specified in the FlyteAdmin config and
overrides for specific projects are registered with the FlyteAdmin service.

> Specifically, Flyte allows these custom settings along increasing levels of specificity:

Reviewer: Suggestion: "You can customize these settings along..."

`default values <https://github.com/flyteorg/flyte/blob/1e3d515550cb338c2edb3919d79c6fa1f0da5a19/charts/flyte-core/values.yaml#L35,L43>`__
in the FlyteAdmin config are used.

> You can override values from the database, that are assigned at execution, rather than registration time.

Reviewer 2: This is wrong. Can you revert?

> To customize resources for project-domain attributes, define a ``tra.yaml`` file with the values you need:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To customize resources for project-domain attributes, define a ``tra.yaml`` file with your overrides:
```

> The override values from the database are assigned at execution, rather than registration time.

Reviewer: Passive. Who or what assigns the override values from the database?

> The override values from the database are assigned at execution, rather than registration time.

Reviewer: Passive. Who or what assigns the override values from the database?

    project: flyteexamples
    domain: development

> Update the task resource attributes for a project-domain-workflow combination:

Reviewer 2: Why is it `project-domain-workflow`? Isn't it `project-domain`?

The keys represent templatized variables in `cluster resource template YAML <https://github.com/flyteorg/flyte/blob/1e3d515550cb338c2edb3919d79c6fa1f0da5a19/charts/flyte-core/values.yaml#L737,L760>`__ and the values are what you want to see filled in.

In the absence of custom override values, ``templateData`` from the `FlyteAdmin config <https://github.com/flyteorg/flyte/blob/1e3d515550cb338c2edb3919d79c6fa1f0da5a19/charts/flyte-core/values.yaml#L719,L734>`__

> is used as a default. These defaults are specified by domain but will be applied to every project-domain namespace combination.

Reviewer: Passive. Who or what uses this default?

> is used as a default. These defaults are specified by domain but will be applied to every project-domain namespace combination.

Reviewer: Passive. Who or what uses this default?

Passive. Who or what specifies the defaults by domain?

.. note::

>     The above-referenced settings can only take on domain, project, and domain specificity.

Reviewer: Verbose. Suggestion: "The settings above..."
 
Jargony.  "Specificity" is a big word. Is there a simpler, more direct word?

>     The above-referenced settings can only take on domain, project, and domain specificity.

Reviewer: Verbose. Suggestion: "The settings above..."
 
Jargony.  "Specificity" is a big word. Is there a simpler, more direct word?

>     Since Flyte is not tied in the notion of a workflow or a launch plan to any Kubernetes constructs, specifying a workflow or launch plan name doesn't make sense.

Reviewer: "tied to the notion..."

>     Since Flyte is not tied in the notion of a workflow or a launch plan to any Kubernetes constructs, specifying a workflow or launch plan name doesn't make sense.

Reviewer: "tied to the notion..."

    domain: development
    project: flyteexamples

> To ensure that when the admin fills in cluster resource templates, the Kubernetes namespace ``flyteexamples-development`` will have a resource quota of 1000 CPU cores and 5TB of memory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure that when the admin fills in cluster resource templates, the Kubernetes namespace ``flyteexamples-development`` will have a resource quota of 1000 CPU cores and 5TB of memory, run:
```

Refer to the :ref:`docs <flytectl:flytectl_update_cluster-resource-attribute>` to learn more about the command and its supported flag(s).

> To fetch and verify the individual project-domain attributes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To fetch and verify the individual project-domain attributes, run the following command:
```

.. prompt:: bash

    flytectl get cluster-resource-attribute -p flyteexamples -d development

Refer to the :ref:`docs <flytectl:flytectl_get_task-resource-attribute>` to learn more about the command and its supported flag(s).

> You can use these updated values to fill the template fields for the flyteexamples-development namespace.

Reviewer 2: A user doesn't fill in the template fields; it's done by Flyte. I think it's ok to use passive voice in these scenarios.

Author: "Flyte uses these updated values to fill the template fields for the flyteexamples-development namespace." sounds better IMO.

For other namespaces, the `platform defaults <https://github.com/flyteorg/flyte/blob/1e3d515550cb338c2edb3919d79c6fa1f0da5a19/charts/flyte-core/values.yaml#L719,L734>`__ apply.

.. note::

>     The template values, for example: ``projectQuotaCpu`` or ``projectQuotaMemory`` are free-form strings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The template values, for example, ``projectQuotaCpu`` or ``projectQuotaMemory`` are free-form strings.
```
I don't think you should use a colon (`:`) when using "for example" in a sentence.

=======================
This allows forcing a matching execution to consistently execute on a specific Kubernetes cluster for multi-cluster Flyte deployment set-up.

Define an attributes file in `ec.yaml`:

.. code-block:: yaml

    value: mycluster
    domain: development
    project: flyteexamples

Ensure that admin places executions in the flyteexamples project and development domain onto ``mycluster``:

.. prompt:: bash

   flytectl update execution-cluster-label --attrFile ec.yaml

Refer to the :ref:`docs <flytectl:flytectl_update_execution-cluster-label>` to learn more about the command and its supported flag(s).

> To fetch and verify the individual project-domain attributes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To fetch and verify the individual project-domain attributes, run:
```
I feel "run" is necessary to tell the user to run the command. But if it's not necessary, feel free to remove it.

Author: The 'run' somehow feels extra. We can keep it like this.

Execution Queues
================

> Execution queues are currently defined in

Reviewer: Delete "currently"
